Add github processes doc to IF repo (#550)
Green-Software-Foundation/if: github-processes.md

## IF Repositories

- [`if`](https://github.com/Green-Software-Foundation/if)
    - source code for the IF
- [`if-plugins`](https://github.com/Green-Software-Foundation/if-plugins)
    - source code for standard library of plugins
    - IF core team commit to maintaining these plugins 
- [`if-unofficial-plugins`](https://github.com/Green-Software-Foundation/if-unofficial-plugins)
    - source code for plugins relying on third party data/APIs
    - intended to be deprecated and removed in mid-term future

>     - plugins int his repo should be handed over to relevant orgs to maintain

Reviewer: 'int his' should be 'in this'

Author: ```suggestion
    - plugins in this repo should be handed over to relevant orgs to maintain
```

Our main repositories all have two branches: `main` and `release`.
Here are the rules applied to each branch:

### `if`, `if-plugins`, `if-unofficial-plugins` and `if-exhaust-plugins`

#### `main`
- target branch for PRs
- PRs can be merged into `main` with two core team reviews, one being QA
- `main` regularly advances ahead of the `release` branch
- merged into `release` periodically, only after full QA approval
- pushing directly to `main` is forbidden - all changes are by PR
- PRs will not be merged if they do not pass CI/CD

#### `release`

- release is our stable branch
- it is protected and only merged into when we have a fully QA-approved `main` state that we want to release
- npm packages are released using `release` branch
- PRs into `release` are forbidden except to update tests, README, Github config, CI/CD or release config.
- Pushing directly to `release` is forbidden
- `release` should always satisfy a basic set of regression and scenario tests
- merging `main` into `release` requires that all automated tests pass and two core team members have approved, one being QA.

### `if-plugin-template` 

- we only maintain a single branch: `main`

> - PRs to `main` can be mrged after one approval from core team

Reviewer: typo in 'mrged'

Author: ```suggestion
- PRs to `main` can be merged after one approval from core team
```

- too many changes are made in too few commits
- commit messages are ambiguous
- PR description is too short, vague or imprecise
- PR would for some other reason take too long for core team to assess
- PR makes changes that do not conform to our license
- PR makes use of a third party API or dataset in an illegitimate way (e.g. exposing data that should be paywalled)

After a PR has passed triage, it can be assigned to a core team member to review. Developer review precedes QA review. Community PRs (PRs raised from outside the core team) will *always* go through a full QA vetting procedure before being merged.

We intend to respond to new PRs and issues within 3 days of the ticket being opened, even if only with a brief message thanking the OP and explaining the triage process.

## Labels

```
//review status labels 
awaiting-triage 
triage-pass 
awaiting-review 
review-pass 
awaiting-qa 
qa-pass 
changes-needed 

//change type labels 
fix 
feature 
docs 
package 
other 

// size labels 
small 
medium 
large 

// priority labels 
high-priority 
med-priority 
low-priority 

//delay explanation labels 
abandoned 
blocked 

> backlogged

Author: ```suggestion
backlogged

// other labels
project-management
agenda
discussion
help-wanted
good-first-issue
```

- commit messages are ambiguous
- PR description is too short, vague or imprecise
- PR would for some other reason take too long for core team to assess
- PR makes changes that do not conform to our license
- PR makes use of a third party API or dataset in an illegitimate way (e.g. exposing data that should be paywalled)

After a PR has passed triage, it can be assigned to a core team member to review. Developer review precedes QA review. Community PRs (PRs raised from outside the core team) will *always* go through a full QA vetting procedure before being merged.

We intend to respond to new PRs and issues within 3 days of the ticket being opened, even if only with a brief message thanking the OP and explaining the triage process.

## Labels

```
//review status labels 
awaiting-triage 
triage-pass 
awaiting-review 
review-pass 
awaiting-qa 
qa-pass 
changes-needed 

//change type labels 
fix 
feature 
docs 
package 
other 

// size labels 
small 
medium 
large 

// priority labels 
high-priority 
med-priority 
low-priority 

//delay explanation labels 
abandoned 
blocked 
backlogged

// other labels
project-management
agenda
discussion
help-wanted
good-first-issue
```

> Each PR is expected to have one label from each category assigned to it at all times.

Author: ```suggestion
Each PR is expected to have one label from each category (except `other`) assigned to it at all times.
```
